NOTE: This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. This thread is a comedic piece and is not to be taken seriously.


Hey everyone, it's me! Nathan Warhammer, CEO of Warham industries and today I'm back for another Stat- oh wait, scratch that. Funeral of the crusade! Yeah, sounds more fitting. Right now Im in Montreal and I just finished sniffing coke off a hookers back and I was just about to go to a strip club when bE managment called and reminded me that I still am involved with this project (sadly). So sit back, relax and listen to what new, amazing and well tested features we are bringing in to the table! But first, some news.

1. Yesterday the commuity had some fun in the Eternal Crusade Afterparty! The party people in the place to be had tons of fun closing down the page on Eternal Crusade. Sadly I wasn't invited, they probably didn't have enough food for Big Boy Nathan. When the party was starting to get wild party poopers (also known as "moderators") came, pissed in the pool and drank all the punch therefore ruining the party.

2. Some of you have been wondering, "Where is our favourite Nathan, when will his vacation end?" Well, first off, mind your own buisness you fucking amoeba! I'm in Montreal and my vacation ends when we finally shut down the servers for this excuse of a project.

3. Remember to pre order Deathgarden! You'll get assault bikes there too!

Now for some new features!
We will be starting another kickstarter titled "Nathans wellbeing Fund". The money that goes there will be evenly distributed to our dear Director, me. Jbregg will only get enough money for food for the next 2 years so he can sit in the eternal development while wasting his great talent and potential away! Oh, talking about our great employment standards, bE is still recruiting new meat for the grinder!

We will be creating 23 new discords to suit the needs for our community. We have established a new position in our cabinet, titled "The Discord Manager" that will oversea the creation of another 30 to 40 discords. Remember, it's all for the players ™!

We are looking for sponsors! If YOU are a really big publisher with tonnes of money to spare, give me a call! That trip to Honduras isn't going to grind itself from all that founder money!

Excuse me readers, but it seems that the bE volunteer team that is trapped in my basement just started screaming for help and beating on the walls! Oh man, I sure do hope all that new campaign lore is ready or they aren't getting any food tonight!

Okay, now when that's out of the way lets get back to the news. Now where was I.. ah yes! You guys thought that we will fix the queue system so the guilds, the people that still play the game, will get games faster? No! Suck it up buttercup! Now the guilds wont even be included while matchmaking so they will only be able to sit in garrison, just what they are meant to be doing.

New gamemode is coming! It will be called Garrison Battlegrounds. It's just like Fortnite, but the only weapon you can get is a chainsword, and there is ALOT more microtransactions! Not only that, but if you preorder now for only 399.99$ you will recieve not 1, not 2, but 3 assault bikes for the game (please note that assault bikes are 1 time usable items)


Oh, oh! Can you hear the sound? Yes, it's that time of the year again where I, Nathan Warham, make more empty promises to the community, lets start!

Termintors are coming!
EC will be an MMORPG!
Workshop will come in the Summer!
Eldar are getting a nerf!
Jbregg will get paid, next month!
We are getting new developers to work on EC!
ViaVirtus and the rest of the BHVR Volunteer Team are TOTALLY not hidden in my basement!
I'm going to lose a few dozen pounds!
No more trips for founder money, promise!

Okay, that's enough effort on my side! My friends are waiting for the crane to get to my house and drag me to the nearest strip club. If you ever see Jbregg tell him that he's the new Project Leader. Byee!!